not okay cupid!!! first things first i received an arc through netgalley. the book comes out january th and you should totally check it out. for me this book is a total star book cause at least the book has everything that i need in a good story. the writing is really good there is just a wonderful sense of humor and the characters are written so well. i very much enjoyed that. then we have the story. hazel finds her boyfriend and her best friend being all over each other at school. her bestfriends brother felix comes up with a revenge plan. and so the fake relationship between these two starts. and i love it!!!! seriously. fake relationships? yes please count me in!!! i loved that it wasn t a fake relationship between hazel and some random guy but the fact that felix and hazel go way back. that for her he was always that annoying brother of her best friend but through them faking their relationship she actually saw another side of him. yes i m totally swooning over this story. i loved the characters. hazel. felix. i loved the relationship that both these characters had with their mothers. kimmy and jay. oh well. a story just has to have these characters that you constantly want to punch in the face as soon as they show up. overall this was just such a wonderful story the love was build up really nice and sweet. it wasn t rushed. it was great. also a super fast read if it weren t for my need to watch christmas movies all day long or me lying on the floor thinking about the haven series finale i would have finished the book a lot earlier.
find my review also on my blog. thank you to entangled crush for providing me with a earc in exchange for an honest review after reading paint my body red by heidi r. kling a couple of weeks ago i knew i simply had to get my hands on her next book being not okay cupid. i was beyond happy when i got an earc of it and the chance to read it a month early. not okay cupid is more or less the exact opposite of paint my body red it s funny fluffy a feel good book set in the week leading up to valentine s day. i ve never been a big fan of holiday themed books but this one was beyond cute and got me way too emotionally invested. looking at the books i usually read one would think i wouldn t be interested in a read like this would think i wouldn t end up liking it even if i were to try. wrong. i loved this book there i said it. this story follows hazel and felix two amazing protagonists that have a very interesting friendship going that includes tons of funny banter. hazel is your typical organized straight a girl with a boyfriend and a plan for life that is until her seemingly perfect boyfriend cheats on her and her so well put together plan shatters. on the other hand we have felix aka felix the cat and the player of la playa. he s the type of guy that likes to mess around with girls but only for one night and happens to be hazel s best friend s brother. seeing the two of them come together and conjure up a plan to get back at jay hazel s cheating boyfriend and kimmy felix sister with whom jay cheated on hazel was amazing. i loved their chemistry and rooted for them from beginning to finish. just as i mentioned in my review for paint my body red i love heidi s writing style and the way she breathes life into her characters making them feel like well rounded humans and not just one dimensional one trait tropes on two legs. also the way hazel s and felix feelings started to slowly change and develop was really well done slowly and realistically and not simply in a matter of five pages. all in all not okay cupid is a really cute funny and fluffy contemporary read a total pick you up type of book. i think i might make this one a habit reading it around valentine s day the way we read other books around christmas. this might not be the most original or life changing story but it is all sorts of wonderful and cute with amazing characters and a real life feeling to it.

arc received from the publisher via netgalley. not okay cupid is a quick sweet read with lots of humor thrown in. this book is all high school can be at times. friendship love revenge makes getting through the days difficult but having felix in school makes hazel days so much more than she could ask for. you will fall in love with these characters and their story!!!
a fun and sweet ya romance!
first star read of the year. i absolutely love entangled teen s crush line. the books are so fun! full review to come. updated thank you to entangled teen for allowing me to read this in exchange for an honest review! before i start off my review i just want to tell you that you seriously need to check out entangled s crush line because the books are literally so swoon worthy. they re just such cute contemporary reads that are perfect if you re in a reading slump! i ve read almost all of the ones that have been released so far and i ve loved every one. not okay cupid follows hazel who recently found out that her boyfriend was cheating on her with none other than her best friend. mind you this happened very early on and i was just sitting there feeling so bad for hazel wondering how her best friend and boyfriend could possibly do this to her. she immediately gets very upset and doesn t know how to handle the situation so her best friend s brother felix comes to the rescue. he tells the school that the two of them are dating now and soon enough they get everyone to believe it. however before long it might not be all for show anymore. i loved this book. i don t know why but there s just something about light hearted contemporaries that make me incredibly happy. i adored felix so much. he was just so hilarious and big headed but he was also very sweet deep down and would do anything to make sure that hazel was okay. it s very possible that he has cared about hazel longer than he d ever even admit to himself. hazel was also a great character. i felt so incredibly bad for her that her boyfriend was cheating on her best friend though! what kind of best friend did she have? the best friend just kept claiming that she couldn t help her feelings which just left hazel to be completely alone. one of my favorite things about this book was the dual pov. the reader gets to get inside both hazel and felix s mind which was pretty awesome. it was great because you could read about them slowly falling for each other yet they never admitted it to one another till later on. i know that i m definitely going to check out more by kling in the future and until then i highly suggest you give this one a read!
i thought that this was a very good read by heidi r kling!! yes of course the revenge thing with a fake boyfriend has been written before but heidi did a great job with this one making it her own. i loved reading it and seeing where she was going to take it. i think this one is going to be a hit for her!! hazel is a young lady that has everything going for her when all the sudden her world shatters around her when her boyfriend cheats on her with her best friend. everyone at school knows what happened and now they are all watching her to see what she is going to do next. hazel is just going from day to day and trying to deal with everything when her best friends brother felix comes up to her at school and acts like he is interested in her and tells hazel to just play along. felix wants to make her ex jealous and make him regret what he has done to hazel even especially since it was his sister that did it to her. i did like this about felix. he was more worried about the situation and how it happened as opposed to who had done it. felix could have totally taken up for his sister and left hazel out to dry but he didn t and i think that is what made me come to really like him in this story. as the days go by felix is determined to get revenge with hazel on her ex boyfriend. there is a school valentine s day dance coming up where they are going to choose a cupid and a psyche for the school. felix comes up with the idea to humiliate hazel s ex boyfriend on that night to get revenge but will hazel be able to follow through with their plans? will hazel realize before it is too late that she has to either choose felix or revenge? the love that ignites between felix and hazel during the whole plotting process is unmatched. sometimes things happen for a reason and when we are going through it all we don t want to hear that. i totally believe this was the case with felix and hazel. if hazel s ex had not cheated on her she would not have know how felix can be so protective and caring. you need to read this cute read to find out how things end with hazel and felix. do they end up being together or do they go their separate ways after revenge has been taken? i can t wait to see what heidi r. kling has in store for us next. i am sure it will be something just as good if not better than this one!
hazel has plans big plans. she s got her whole life figured out until at least the age of thirty. she will marry her high school boyfriend jay and will have a great perfect family with him. of course that won t happen until after university and while they re students they will of course stay a couple. only then jay betrays hazel with her best friend kimmy and hazel is heartbroken. kimmy s brother felix offers hazel a revenge plan. together they will make jay jealous. felix has always been there for hazel she thinks she knows everything about him. their easy banter is something that manages to cheer her up. it isn t such hard work to plot with felix. only both hazel and felix might like the plan a little too much. what will happen when it works and is that what they actually want? not okay cupid is such a sweet valentine s day story. i liked it from the start. it s cute and fun the perfect cheerful reading material. that s what i enjoyed most about this book. heidi r. kling delivers a wonderful flirty story about two people who are meant for each other. it s romantic and the main characters are adorable. hazel is a nice girl who works hard to achieve her goals. she thinks felix doesn t care about any of that but maybe that isn t true at all. i liked them both a lot. i think it was a good idea of heidi r. klink to write from two different perspectives. it works really well and it makes the reader love the main characters even more. if you re looking for something light and lovely not okay cupid is an excellent choice.
not okay cupid is a heart meltingly sweet read that will make you smile every once in a while. it s just a really good book. yes you know that it will have a happy ending the title gives that one away plus all entangled books have that in common the happily ever after. that doesn t mean that i enjoyed this book any less at all. in fact the characters were so cute and their back and forth with each other was so on point and so enjoyable that i thought this book was the perfect read to start the new year with smiles aplenty. i finished this book with a huge smile on my face and i m smiling even now as i write this review. we all know that this get together with your best friend s brother for whatever reason is slightly overdone in books these days i can t even fault not okay cupid for that if i m being honest because it was done brilliantly well and felix and hazel s friendship was always at the forefront of the book and i loved that! the characters stayed true to themselves and didn t change just because their relationship status did. all in all? a cute romantic comedy that will leave you smiling and one that i m glad i read. if my is going to be filled with books like this? then bring on !

